[Music]
I'm terrified right now hi my name is
Sarah deechi I am currently in
Weatherford Texas you've probably never
heard of this place before but Texas is
my home I was born and raised and I
guess I consider real home where all of
your family is and so I'm hanging out
with some great people today but I
actually work and live in New York City
okay so this is my new home welcome to
New York
[Music]
I've lived and worked here for over a
year I love the people I love the tall
buildings I love the hustle and the
energy here is unmatched I work and live
2,000 miles away from Texas where I've
lived for 28 years of my life and I make
video for a living I am a youtuber a
vlogger some people might say but that's
kind of hard to explain to your
grandparents it's kind of a hard concept
to grasp but now that I think of it I
also don't have a good idea what my
grandpa does so let's go back to Texas
maybe I can learn about his job he can
learn about mine what I'm saying is I'm
gonna try to teach my grandpa daddy Bill
how to vlog
put all the bulldozers
I was testing Danny Bell what do you do
here this is your office you run a
construction company I'm too lazy now or
I don't do much delegation yeah what's
your day to day around here baby girl
I'm doing everything divisions and city
streets and that kind of stuff and
Jeff's got two big strong boys and three
of them that get a lot done cuz it's a
family business we got uncle John we got
Jacob at Judson anyway dad evil years to
have a pet ball that all started a
business in 1938 wow this is my vlogging
camera yeah I have a challenge I want to
see if you can vlog if I can you can
vlog how do you feel about that
so vlog stands for video blog yeah
so it's making almost a diary of your
day so you film your day you edit it
into like a ten minute video and then
you post it to the internet for everyone
to see
vlogging you're not afraid of California
I am Not Afraid of house
I'm terrified
well then you got to be man in the
camera we are headed to the farm
we're headed to the right to the ranch
to the ranch
you got house yes I could part your
ranch shoes yeah hello we're at your
converse I've had to borrow me my shoes
me Mom yes ma'am your sunglasses are
amazing super fabulous thank you Jeannie
what's your sunglass game like I think
I'm glass game I think Mew all has his
beat no hands from you sister you guys
are kind of matching toasties oh oh my
gosh you did not just ask me is that how
you spell Steve why are you posting more
manicure matches to get expressed Oh
on the road again
[Music]
we have a riot at the ranch it just
rains so good thing we got our farm
shoes on they are here
[Music]
look
I'm not gonna lie I am a little bit
terrified
[Music]
I'm terrified right now
I don't know if I was meant for this I'm
not gonna lie there was a moment where
all of them were staring at me and I was
like this is the end I was like this is
how I'm gonna go daddy bill Urich an
earlier instructing us on how to count
cows yeah what's your advice on counting
cows I'd count their feet and divide
before this is your first experience
with the vlogging camera so just point
it out the cows you'll be able to see it
on that screen yeah it's already
recording look here
now you won't hurt you there's a little
red cap on a black cow there's a little
motley face care for the little baby
ones here all right daddy bill one more
question all right if you could hold the
camera like this no and just sum up you
know lovely day on the ranch so you
think you're gonna hold the camera so
yeah
who are you going yeah I'll be right
here I'm just gonna walk yeah well we're
just definitely feeding the cows and
check them all out everybody's good glad
to come up yeah explain to Sarah how to
count cows and so we're good yep so now
back to what afraid dr. Wilfred got to
go through ville and placed her to get
there
this lovely couple my grandparents have
officially been married for 60 years
congratulations yeah yeah what's the
secret guys well I'll tell you it helps
to be hard hearing and yes say yes ma'am
no ma'am no it's a two-way street
have to give and take get lucky you
found the right one I think a lot of
factors play into the word home you can
find a home inside of a person inside of
a city your family or a certain
lifestyle I think for me at the center
of it all what makes a home really a
home is the people I've been lucky
enough to find home in a few different
places and sometimes I wish I could just
put my family and all my friends into my
pocket and just take them everywhere I
go but anyways I hope you enjoyed this
video and I'm thankful for my home from
Texas to New York
you